README.md, before:

# My Portfolio

This is a portfolio website built with React and Tailwind CSS, based on the [React & TailwindCSS Portfolio template](https://github.com/realstoman/react-tailwindcss-portfolio) by [Nangialai Stoman](https://github.com/realstoman).

## Changes Made

1. Added functionality to show different project in single project view
2. Changed home button to home icon

## Demo

Check out the live demo of the portfolio: [Live Demo](https://pawasagrwl.github.io)

## Deploying on GitHub Pages

To deploy your portfolio on GitHub Pages, follow these steps:

1. Create a new repository on GitHub to host your portfolio.
2. Copy URL of your GitHub Pages repository to "*add-remote*" script in `package.json`.
3. Open the `public/README.md` file and locate the line with `portfolio` value.
4. Replace the `portfolio` value with the actual link to your deployed portfolio on GitHub Pages.
5. Save the changes to the `public/README.md` file.
6. Run the following command in your **git bash** terminal to build your portfolio:
`npm run deploy`

After the command runs successfully, the build should be pushed to your GitHub pages repository with a README containing the link to your portfolio.


### License
[MIT](https://github.com/realstoman/react-tailwindcss-portfolio/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

update emailjs functionality, update readme

README.md, after:

# My Portfolio

This portfolio website is built with React and Tailwind CSS. It's based on the [React & TailwindCSS Portfolio template](https://github.com/realstoman/react-tailwindcss-portfolio) by [Nangialai Stoman](https://github.com/realstoman).

## Customizations

- Enable showcasing different projects in a single project view.
- Integrated with EmailJS, with form validation, for the 'Hire Me' and 'Contact Form' features.
- Home button replaced with a home icon for better UX.

## Live Demo

You can view the live demo of the portfolio here: [Live Demo](https://pawasagrwl.github.io)

## Deployment on GitHub Pages

Follow these steps to deploy your portfolio on GitHub Pages:

1. Create a new repository on GitHub to host your portfolio.
2. Replace the URL in the "*add-remote*" script in `package.json` with the URL of your new GitHub repository.
3. In the `public/README.md` file, replace the `portfolio` value with the link to your deployed portfolio on GitHub Pages.
4. Save the changes.
5. Run `npm run deploy` in your terminal. This will build your portfolio and push it to your GitHub pages repository.
> For this to work, the build changes are all force pushed
## EmailJS Setup

To setup EmailJS:

1. Rename the `.env_example` file to `.env`.
2. Replace the placeholder values in the `.env` file with your actual EmailJS credentials.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/realstoman/react-tailwindcss-portfolio/blob/main/LICENSE).
